Explain versioning system (#294)
plotly/dash-ag-grid: CONTRIBUTING.md

As a user, you can always check the underlying Ag Grid version with `dash_ag_grid.grid_version` and the underlying Dash Ag Grid version with `dash_ag_grid.__version__`.

> For maintainers, when issuing new releases ensure that the version bump of Dash Ag Grid follows this convention. This can be verified after a build by using `npm run pre-flight-dag-version` or `python test_versioning.py`. This is automatically done during the `npm run dist`

Author: ```suggestion
For maintainers, when issuing new releases ensure that the version bump of Dash Ag Grid follows this convention. This can be verified after a build by using `npm run pre-flight-dag-version` or `python test_versioning.py`. This is validated during the `npm run dist`
```
